Hi dudes. Welcome to a mistake. Yep,
that's right. Maybe the biggest mistake
I've ever made. Look at me. Look at how
angry I am. Look at the expression on my
face. Well, today I'm playing a game
called Peak. This game is unlike my
career, which has never peaked. It's us
trying to get to the top of mountain.
That's right. In this game, me, Jerome,
Biffle, and Sud are crash landed on an
island. We have to work together to
survive climbing the world's most awful
mountain. It's randomly generated. Every
day it's different. And uh, as you can
see, I've assembled a cracked group of
troops to make this work. This game is
infuriating, but it's also incredible.
So, do me a favor. You want us to play
it again? Hit the like button. Okay.
Also, hit the subscribe button if you're
new around here. I'm trying to beat Zub
to a million subs twice, so help me do
that. Look at my eyebrows. They're nice.
Hey, I've made a bad decision, and it's
being friends with these guys. Fireball.
I will overcome any challenge that I
face. Nerd. We're climbing a mountain or
something. Our careers are peing. Dr.
What are we doing? Oh, yeah. We We got
to climb the top of a mountain. This is
me. Me looking into the camera saying
that this is going to be bad. Oh no.
Guys, who crashed the plane? I mean,
obviously it was that guy. It was Biff.
Wait, what? Oh, Flair. Oh, bugle. Why is
that?
Oh, sing us the song of your people,
Drum. Drum doesn't have people. He has
enemies. You You try the bugle. Hey,
Macarena.
I don't understand. I'm going to take
the trail me. I got a compass. Bing
bong. I have the guide book. How to not
die. Hey, gather around. Let me read you
a story. It's called How to Not Die.
[Music]
I'm gonna hit you with this. Andy, why
aren't you reading? Wait, why did that
happen? Hold on. Sure. Good. It's all
blank. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Why
are you reading? I can't hear you. I'm
going to kill you. I'm going to kill
you. I hope you die on this place. I'm
wearing the backpack. I'm wearing the
backpack. I don't want to be a part of
this family anymore. Okay. So, my
understanding is every day this like map
changes like like every time you play
it. I didn't I didn't read anything
about this game. I just showed up here.
You literally said we should play this
game. Well, I want to eat the berry.
Yeah, it's over there, guys. That's
where we're going. Wait, wait. I got
Chrisberry.
If you're hungry, I ate a crisp feed
you. I'm poison. I'm poison. Why am I
poisoned? We ate poison berries. I just
What is this game? I climbed the tree,
guys. Not the tree. We have to climb the
mountain. Come on. Look, there's loot.
How do you know there's loot? Everybody
stay with their buddies. Know a lot
about this island. You crash the plane.
Shut up. Look at the mountain. Shut up.
You crashed the plane. I didn't crash
the plane. I shot the sheriff. Why? Let
me play us some music. No. When the
saints go mar.
That's what I said. Wow. Oh, hey kid. Do
you want to help them like do something?
No, I'm going up here. I'm leaving them
to die. Get my stamina up. This is
important. I'm doing so good. Pooky
doing so good. This is a game about
gaming. Explorer's luggage. Okay,
they're leaving me to die. But I have
all the taking that and an energy drink.
Oh. Oh, look at me zooming. You know,
they should have come with me. Look at
all this stuff. I found a big old
lollipop sports drink. Okay, you know,
I'm going to eat this, guys. Guys, how
do I get down? Oh. Oh, look at my moves.
Wait, hold on. This is hardcore parkour,
dude. built different. Oh, shoot. No.
And I'm hurt. I'm hurt. Great. What was
that? What?
I slipped in the poop. Great. And now
I'm poisoned. I hate this guys. Why did
they leave me? Hi. I'm going to lick my
lollipop. Can I have it? Oh, now I'm
Okay. Yeah, that did something to me.
Now I'm like Super Mario 4. Okay. No.
What does that even mean? I don't know.
I Secret blow gun attack. No. No. Stop.
I'm Now I'm sleepy. No, you just made me
sleep. Blow gun. You got to be kidding.
You got to be You got to be kidding. You
got to be But not Andy. I got him. I'm
literally asleep. No, hold on. I'm
literally asleep. It's nap time for Can
you hear me or am I just taking
No. No. Wake me up, bro. This What is
this?
Bro,
wait. I'm going to be I'm going to be
real here. Wait, what if he's just
straight up? Is he dead or is Dude, wake
me up, dude. Oh, his eyes are spinning.
He might be a What is this? I have to
wait for the sleep eater to go away. Oh,
he's broke, guys. The homiey's broke
though. Oh, he's awake. Oh my I'm so mad
at you guys. Are you okay, dude? No. My
sleepy meter is like I'm like groggy.
Give me my stuff. Where's my rope gun?
Who took my rope gun? Did you guys pick
up the loot that I had? Yeah, of course.
No loot. Yeah, I don't have Give me my
rope gun. I don't have it. Oh gosh. I
just wasted our rope gun. Cool. No.
Sick. Oh, one used. Sick. So glad. So
glad you did that. That probably won't
have any repercussions. Let's move.
You're my buddy. You missed loot right
behind you. What? We Oh, why would you
do that? Would you look at that? Follow
my Wait, it's like a button. Great.
They're pressing a button. I got a
cursed skull. No, no, no. Should I Wait,
if I left click, I can commune with it.
No, definitely don't commune with the
dead
with Are you a ghost? Why are you a
ghost? I communed with it. Can you hear
me? Yes. You're just Well, you can hear
me actually. Yes. And you're flying
around like a ghost.
Great. Jerome for sure the first to die
in this instance. It says get
resurrected at statue. Where's the
statue? I don't know. Jerome.
Hey, your big booty broke the bridge.
Yeah. Well, you know what? I'm girthy.
Why don't you go commune with the skull?
See what happened. Okay. Well, actually,
maybe it's a maybe it's a drone. Fly
ahead and scout. I can't fly. I can
always Yeah, this is the worst. Wait,
it's literally like camp Minecraft.
Stop. Get out of my face, bro. No. These
are the people that we surround
ourselves with. Do you guys think that
this would work in real life? Like we
would survive if we crash landed a
plane? Dr. Why did your private jet
crash? Also, I'm starting to realize
something. Boy Scouts, why are you
following me? You just happen to be
going the way that I want to go. Right.
Right. Wait, I have a compass. Oh, that
was my compass. We needed that. We're
going up. Okay. Well, we're going right
now. We're going north because that's
the top of the compass. The top. Hey,
Biffle. That hurts. I don't know about
this. Hey, you got to go slow, buddy.
Follow my light, boys. We're literally
supposed to be going up. We're supposed
to be going up. We're We're actively
doing the opposite of the game. There is
no up. There was. Go up. I will. And
you'll miss me. No. You're literally
going back to where? What are you doing?
Well, I looked at from sigils. Yeah.
Yeah. Straight ahead. Oh, yeah. Go touch
that. Why? Touch it. Touch it. Touch it.
Yeah. I said I said touch it. Yep. There
we go. And he's poisoned. All right.
Well, yeah. This is going well. This is
going so well. But the we went down. I
just I am the path. Sometimes you have
to go down to go up. Come here. I'm
about to throw you off to the I want to
come play the game with my friends. You
commute with a cursed skull. That's on
you. How was I supposed to know the
cursed skull was cursed, Andrew? Well,
usually it said curse. It means curse.
Climbed before. He doesn't understand up
to go down. Shut up. I'm going to I'm
going to Great. Hi. What? How are you
more annoying while dead? Hi. I'm
familiar with you. Unfortunately, it's
been like seven long years. To the left.
And there's bridges we can take. You
see, I'm starting to find the bridges
that we were just at. I'm going to kill
you. Those aren't the same bridges, you
stupid idiot. I had to chop you off this
mountain. I'm a sigils on the edge.
Look, I also brought us to a crate in a
bush. You love crates. Well, that's I
do. That's just crates. Oh, yeah. That's
Jerome luggage if I've ever seen one
before. Who are they?
Do you hear his voice like going nuts? I
think they can mimic our voices. They're
mimicking our voices. Hey, idiots. Hey,
I'm here to haunt you guys. Do you make
fun of us? Hey, Dumbos. Dumbos, don't
just tried to shove me off. Ble just
tried to commit a murder. Of course I
did. I want to see you as a ghost. It'
be funny. Okay, it would be funny. The
only thing that's funny is getting
ghosted, which Z's an expert at. Are you
Can I come back and play with my friend?
We're looking for the thing to revive
you, Jerry. Rarely. You're not nice. Had
to go down this way. Should I eat these
cluster shrooms? One at a time. One at a
time. I'll do it first. It's a rickety
bridge. Let's be careful. You're a
rickety bridge. Uhoh. Hey, the mushrooms
might be killing me. The mushrooms might
be killing me. The mushrooms might be
killing me. The mushrooms might be
killing me. Why would you eat the
mushroom? No, no, no, no, no. Does
anyone have an antidote? I'm using
bandages. That didn't help. Eddie, why
did you eat the mushroom? We're good. It
only poisoned me halfway. We're good,
guys. I'm very high up right now. We're
good, but it may have permanently ruined
me because now my stamina doesn't fill
more. Okay, so as you take injuries,
they fill up your stamina bar, so you
can't get more steak out. Do you see how
Zud went on his own way and it actually
he's further along? Yeah, I don't have
stamina anymore. The po the mushrooms
poison me. I don't know that I can get
up that. Yeah, Biff, I don't think
you're going to be able to climb that
high. Oh, wait. It's working out of my
system. Okay, cool, cool, cool. Now, I
think I can climb this. I'm a I'm a
pathfinder. Okay, stop saying
pathfinder. Biff, you don't have the
strength to get up there, dude. Yeah,
you don't have the button. Yeah, little
noodle arms. You haven't been to the
gym. Yeah, whatever you say. Hey. Yeah,
Zud's like way further ahead of us. Oh
my gosh, Z's killing it. Why do we go
this way? What do you mean? Why do we go
this way? I followed Biffle and I regret
it.
I'm going back. I'm going up to go up.
I'm going up to go up, Biffle, cuz I
have very low health. All right. Well,
tell me something. I don't know. Hey, Z
said you guys suck. I agree, but it's
just Biffle. All right. Okay. My poison
is gone. My happiness remains. I have
little stamina now and my whole bar is
hungry and I'm going to Well, we need to
forage, but you've been leading us on a
wild goose chase. Jerome, have you found
the statue yet? I can't go. I literally
am stuck spectating you guys. I can't do
nothing. Well, I'm trying to res you,
but you won't let me. I don't think I
can make it up this. Well, Bipple, I
have to rescue Jerome, so I used them
already. Are you serious? Well, I was
poisoned, so I put a bandage on it. What
is this game? Fun, actually. I really
like it. Yeah, I'm going to do three
videos. I would like it more if the
cursed skull wasn't cursed. Yeah, I
Jerome again I like I feel bad but also
you did commune with the dead. What a
dumb idea. Why would they put that in
the game in the first 30 seconds? Cuz
this is a meme randomly generated game.
I can't.
Do you see that? Do you see that? That
was literally a built different mountain
climber. Is this the path that we should
go? I think we should go left. Go. I
don't Oh, I'm out of energy. Oh no. I'm
out of Oh, no. No. No. No. No. I don't
have enough energy. We have to go down.
Okay. We got to go down to go up. I
always tell you that I don't think you
guys are making it. I think Jerome,
you're already dead. So, I don't know
how to tell you that you haven't made
it, but No, no, no.
Did we lose Biffle? Biffle. Biffle.
Yeah, Biff's dead. Is he dead? He's
dead. He's definitely dead. Biff, of
course he is. I followed Biffle.
Oh, great. No, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no. Okay. All right. All right.
Oh, you almost just Oh, hey. Okay. I was
following you guys the whole time. So, I
was unconscious. If one of you guys came
and grabbed me, I would have been alive
right now. But I'm dead. Yeah, we can't.
Oh, when you're unconscious, you can't
talk. Great. Why? Where? Where? Son, how
am I in this horrible spot? This is me
me looking into the camera saying that
this is going to be bad. We got to risk
it for the biscuit. Risk it for the
biscuit. Risk it for the biscuit. Risk
it for the biscuit. The fog rises. What
does that mean? Oh no. Wait, did Jerome
just get revived? The fog is rising.
That seems bad.
They're all talking. They're all so far
up there. Okay. Oh, this is the way.
Dude, I'm so built different right now.
It just be like a random chance. What?
Cool. Nope.
Doing my best.
I hear you. Oh no. Oh no. Please don't
poison. Please don't poison me. Please
don't poison me. Please don't poison me.
Give me my hunger. Give me my hunger. I
might die. Yep. I have no nothing. Oh
no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
Great. Can somebody revive me? Snap out
of it, bro. So, if you confuse, if you
consume your stamina, you pass out.
Makes sense. I'm alive. I need stamina
to come back. I'm going to be here for
like an hour and the fog is going to
rise.
Okay. Progress, progress. I'm just
having like a solo adventure, dude,
after I got abandoned by everybody.
Pimple must be alive cuz he hasn't come
to haunt me. Dude, if there's an ancient
skull, a cure all. Oh, give me this.
What is that? Cusco's poison. Z, I hear
you.
I hear them yelling my name. Bibble
leads me on a freaking goose chase. Then
he dies and then gets rescued and he
gets resed ahead of me.
Oh, that's Nope. Oh. Oh, great. Drink my
cure all. Oh, nope. I died. And now I'm
dead. And they're looking for me. Is
Drum alive? Oh, Drum has a campfire.
Bro, I can't believe I got abandoned
like this. And here I am slowly bleeding
out with no one coming to save me. No.
Great. I died. Oh, he died. Oh my god.
Okay, we can we can light the fire.
Imagine 4 hours. We spent We've been
waiting for you guys. You've been
waiting for me to die. Yes. For like 20
minutes. You guys abandoned me and left
me stranded and poisoned on the side of
a mountain. We did it.
Uh guys, wait. You won? Yeah. No, this
way. Oh my gosh. There's There's more.
Okay, so we could grab this. Oh my see
you. Is that using your stamina? It is.
It does. Oh, I'm not going to make it.
And now it's raining. We're not making
it. Oh, I ain't going to make it the
whole way. No, I'm not making it. No,
no, no. MLG, watch me, boys. Watch me.
You betrayed us. Why'd you keep going?
Oh, there goes Bibble. But it's okay,
Sigils, because with me and Biff leading
the charge, dude. It's You literally
died. What are you talking about? Cuz it
seems like you're the one dead. I'm
about to fall asleep. I'm about to fall
asleep. I'm falling.
We actually
Wait. Wait.
Ouch. Dad, can we calm down?
Hey, what is happening? Uh, they're both
uh poisoned and unconscious. Oh, good.
Can I carry both of them? I don't know.
Yep. Woke up. Nice. Oh, the bees. Dude,
I can't see anything.
What is happening?
This place sucks. Out again. I'm dying
from what? The bees. The bees. Oh no.
Jerome is very poison. The son is almost
full poison. Oh no. I got this. Come
here. Oh no. Oh no. Just going in the
lava. What the?
Oh no. Dude,
this is the greatest game I've ever
seen. I want to play this again. Hey
bud, we did a good job. Yeah. No. No.
They're kind of cuddly.
Well, our body was never found. And
that's how high we're supposed to make
it. I got a new hat. Listen, if you guys
want us to play this again, hit the like
button. Hit the subscribe button.